hey whats up guys its Kevin Alexandra
here and on that step comment Mobile
World Congress in Barcelona and we're
with the guys from quick office is a
circuit he's gonna give us a look at
some of the new stuff that's going on
with a quick outs update that's coming
out in April right
some assurance of features
some exciting features
our top
a sculpture
expulsion so if you can see it provided
Joe
mrs. film
suggestion
also inside it from
the talk of quests one
table anadin
yes
done
for NASA makers
our food
so we're looking at this on a samsung
tablet is this going to be tablet
exclusive feature the beginning of the
smartphone version as well
so but all the new features are going to
be one
almost all again there are some pictures
that makes a larger screen
our position
different types of shapes so typically
maintain two
one more phenomena showed you
imitations
whole bunch of different tools
potato Michael
boring stuff circle around different
elements
they're sticking out which will limit
some texture here
mr. stern I can move
more text or alive
six months
a lot of stuff here
on the desktop you can see all this
can you save it in a way where you open
on another device to be edited more for
will those all be saved in forms of the
media I think this one
going to select the shape
change the lines of the existing
actuation to change the choice
so basically yes you can have that
that's coming in April update yeah
version was five
alright so actually look at some of the
new things happening with quick office
we're at Pep calm and Barcelona here
more Mobile World Congress thanks for
giving us a look at that circuit what